

BRIEFING (long-form for slotting post):
-----------------------------------

It has been 17 months since the 2022 elections in Al-Rayak, and their results remain in dispute. The country has splintered into bloody civil war, with three dominant factions arising from the chaos to claim legitimacy. 
The United Nations Operation in Al-Rayak (UNORAY) began three months ago after several suicide bombings took the single largest civilian death toll in recent history.  
Operating alongside loyalist forces in accordance with international recognition, UN peacekeepers have transformed contested urban areas into ceasefire towns in the first steps towards de-escalation. As outlined in the UNORAY mission brief, each faction is afforded a partition of the town in exchange for peace in the common area.
As open war rages outwith the Dayr Hafir city limits, contention stirs within as each faction goads the others to breach the ceasefire.  It's a peace that can't last, but one you must maintain.




BRIEFING (short-form for ingame panel):
-----------------------------------

It has been 17 months since the disputed 2022 elections sparked war in Al-Rayak. The country has splintered, and three dominant factions arise from the chaos to claim legitimacy. 
The United Nations Operation in Al-Rayak (UNORAY) began three months ago after several especially deadly suicide bombings sparked international outrage.  
Operating alongside loyalist forces, UN peacekeepers operate ceasefire towns to de-escalate the war. Each faction is afforded a partition in exchange for peace in the common area.
Open war rages outwith Dayr Hafir, and each faction goads the others to breach the ceasefire within.  It's a peace that can't last, but one you must maintain.




MISSION:
-----------------------------------

- Conduct foot patrols to and around the northern and western UN positions in Dayr Hafir.
- Ensure hostilities do not break out amongst the rival factions in the city.
- Provide assistance to UN Compound Security Forces as needed.





ENEMY FORCES:
-----------------------------------

The Red Shemaghs:
Organised militia supporting an Al Rayaki theocracy.  Local members are outraged that the Dayr Hafir mosque is a part of the Prank Protect partition.
Irregular fighter clothing, ex-Soviet arms and equipment captured from ex-government installations.

Prank Protect LLC:
Formed out of the Security Division of the renowned media company Earring Pranks Studios, Prank Protect is a joint venture between the studio
and the American government. Prank Protect has been contracted by the United Al-Rayak Oil Company and an anonymous  benefactor to protect their preferred 
government against religious & democratic fanatics alike. Expect informal PMC uniforms and modern Western armaments. There are numerous reports of Prank Protect 
operating high-end American military hardware, but these claims are vigourously denied by Prank Protect and the US government.



FRIENDLY FORCES:
-----------------------------------

UN Peacekeeping force, composed of soldiers from the Swedish, German and British armed forces.  Due to international recognition, Loyalist soldiers have been incorporated as directed by UNORAY.
Various desert camouflage uniforms and equipment.  All friendly forces wear a blue UN helmet.  All friendly vehicles painted in white UN livery.